# SQL-Project
Conducted an in depth analysis of Target , a globally renowned and a prominent retailer in the United States. Focused on the operations of Target in Brazil and provided insightful information about 100,000 orders placed between 2016 and 2018.

Deciphered a remarkable and continuous upward trajectory in the volume of orders placed over the course of several years i.e 2016-2018. Taken together, these figures underscore the substantial and sustained growth in order placements, resulting in an impressive overall growth percentage of 16,308.21% across the entire period under consideration.
Noticed seasonality trend in the dataset but order counts continued to grow throughout 2017 and 2018, demonstrating sustained customer engagement and an expanding customer base.
Anticipated that afternoon is the time at which the Brazilian customers mostly place their orders. Deciphered various useful insights which can assist business in optimizing their logistics and delivery strategies, the dynamics of customer payment preferences, informed decisions about pricing and distribution strategies in different regions of Brazil.
The top five states with highest average delivery time are RR, AP, AM, AL, PA whereas the top five states with lowest average delivery time are SC, DF, MG, PR and SP. The top most value of average freight is 28.98 and the lowest value of average freight is 8.3.

These insights can assist businesses in optimizing their logistics and delivery strategies in different regions of Brazil, taking into account the varying delivery times and potential factors influencing them.
: AL completes the top 5 with an average delivery time 7.95 days ahead of the estimated date. It is the state with fastest delivery. Customers in AL experience faster delivery times, potentially due to streamlined logistics.Conducted an in depth analysis of Target , a globally renowned and a prominent retailer in the United States. Focused on the operations of Target in Brazil and provided insightful information about 100,000 orders placed between 2016 and 2018. Deciphered a remarkable and continuous upward trajectory in the volume of orders placed over the course of several years i.e 2016-2018. Taken together, these figures underscore the substantial and sustained growth in order placements, resulting in an impressive overall growth percentage of 16,308.21% across the entire period under consideration. Noticed seasonality trend in the dataset but order counts continued to grow throughout 2017 and 2018, demonstrating sustained customer engagement and an expanding customer base. Anticipated that afternoon is the time at which the Brazilian customers mostly place their orders. Deciphered various useful insights which can assist business in optimizing their logistics and delivery strategies, the dynamics of customer payment preferences, informed decisions about pricing and distribution strategies in different regions of Brazil. The top five states with highest average delivery time are RR, AP, AM, AL, PA whereas the top five states with lowest average delivery time are SC, DF, MG, PR and SP. The top most value of average freight is 28.98 and the lowest value of average freight is 8.3. These insights can assist businesses in optimizing their logistics and delivery strategies in different regions of Brazil, taking into account the varying delivery times and potential factors influencing them. : AL completes the top 5 with an average delivery time 7.95 days ahead of the estimated date. It is the state with fastest delivery. Customers in AL experience faster delivery times, potentially due to streamlined logistics.
Skills: Problem Solving · Google BigQuery · Data Analytics · Business Analysis · Data Analysis · SQL · Business Analytics · PL/SQL
